# DS_Final_Project

# For my final project in this class, I am planning to predict seasonal music trends given different musical factors and music platforms. Additionally, I will be identifying, as much as possible, which music platform is most relevant is the music market. Through this analysis, I hope to understand the preferences and behaviors of listeners during different seasons by analyzing data from various music platforms. The analysis aims to understand how factors like weather, holidays, and cultural events influence the popularity of certain genres and songs. The research will contribute to a better understanding of seasonal music trends and provide valuable information for musicians, platforms, and marketers. It may also shed light on the cultural and emotional associations people have with different seasons, enhancing our understanding of how music influences our moods and experiences. 
#	The independent variable for this dataset is the years from which these top 10 seasonal songs will be released from. The dependent variables are going to be the in_spotify_playlist and in_spotify_charts vs the in_apple_playlist and in_apple_charts. As well as the keys, modes, and bpm, (general number of) streams, release_date. The various factors of interest of the public such as danceability_%, valence_%, energy_%, acousticness_%, instrumentalness_%, liveness_%, speechiness_%.
#	The dataset is mostly an integer data type with a few exceptions on the date, name of the songs, the key, and the mode. The data set contains a total of 25 columns and 954 columns. There are a few missing values, to which I would have to eliminate the rows since it is asking for things, I cannot just add using statistics. It is quite uncertain to know if the dataset is balanced, but I will still be using a logistic regression model and running multiple experiments to analyze  the factors and characteristics of the top 10 songs of the season. I am planning to only use python for this project. I do think I will try to add more information to this project as I think my hypothesis for the project is going to require some background on the chosen season.
